EPA 1 : Gather a history and perform a physical exam.

Key Functions:
1. Obtain a complete and accurate history in an
   organized fashion.

2. Demonstrate patient-centered interview skills.

3. Demonstrate clinical reasoning in gathering focused 
   information relevant to a patient's care.

4. Perform a clinically relevant, appropriately
   thorough physical exam pertinent to the setting 
   and purpose of the patient visit.

QA 1a. How well does the student gather a history of the patient?
a. Does not collect accurate historical data.
b. Gathers excessive or incomplete data.
c. Uses a logical progression of questioning.
d. Gathered a complete and accurate history.
(elaborate where needed)

QA 1b. How independent is the student?
a. Relies heavily on secondary sources.
b. Struggles to deviate from a template.
c. When appropriate, seeks secondary sources.
d. Adopts to different care settings professionally.
(elaborate where needed)

QA 2. How well is the patient treated?
a. Inaccurately generalizes based on age, gender, race, or other characteristics.
b. Ignores patient's verbal or nonverbal cues.
c. Does not consider patient's privacy or autonomy.
d. Patient is communicated with effectively without an overreliance on jargon.
e. Interprets and handles patient's emotions.
(elaborate where needed)

QA 3a. Does the student accurately understand the patient's need?
a. Failed to recognize the patient's central problem.
b. Was able to ascertain patients problem.
(elaborate where needed)

QA 3b. Is the student effective at understanding patient's issues?
a. Student asks questions unrelated to evidence and data collected.
b. Poorly filters information given.
c. Questions represent a narrow differential diagnosis.
d. Clarifies patients issues with purposeful questions.
e. Filters relevant positive and negative symptoms helpful for diagnosing.
(elaborate where needed)

QA 4a. How organized was the physical exam?
a. Exam was not performed in an organized and fluid sequence.
b. Incorrectly performed basic physical exam manuevers. [if checked, how]
c. Explained exam maneuvers to patient in a clear fashion.
d. Targeted exam to necessary areas relevant to patient visit.
(elaborate where needed)

QA 4b. Does the student effectively identify findings?
a. Student missed key findings.
b. Identified and accurately described normal findings.
c. Identified and described abnormal findings, in addition to normal findings. 
d. Uses the exam to prioritize the working differential diagnosis.
(elaborate where needed)